Fix https://github.com/wso2/docs-ei/issues/1597 (#1598)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/setup/security/encrypting_plain_text.md

To dynamically load secrets to server configurations, update the parameters in the `deployment.toml` file as an environment variable or system property:

```toml tab='Environment Variable'
[keystore.tls]
file_name = "wso2carbon.jks"
password = "$secret{carbon_secret}"
alias = "$secret{carbon_secret}"
key_password = "$secret{carbon_secret}"

[secrets]
carbon_secret = "$env{env_carbon_sec}"

Here the value of env_carbon_sec environment variable should be the encrypted value
```

```toml tab='System Property'
[keystore.tls]
file_name = "wso2carbon.jks"
password = "$secret{carbon_secret}"
alias = "$secret{carbon_secret}"
key_password = "$secret{carbon_secret}"

[secrets]
carbon_secret = "$sys{sys_carbon_sec}"

Here the value of sys_carbon_sec system property should be the encrypted value
```

> Also it should note that each time a new secret is added to the [secrets] section of deployment.toml file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also it should be noted that each time a new secret is added to the [secrets] section of deployment.toml file
```

Reviewer 2: 'Also note that' would be fine
